=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Mojolicious::Plugin::Args - gives you back the request parameters as a simple %args hash, even if it's posted in json.

=head1 VERSION

version 0.01

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Route something like this:

    package App;
    use Mojo::Base 'Mojolicious';

    sub startup {
        my $self = shift;

        $self->plugin( 'Mojolicious::Plugin::Args' );

        my $r = $self->routes;

        $r->any( '/example/test' )->to( 'example#test' );
    }

Here's the controller:

    package App::Example;
    use Mojo::Base 'Mojolicious::Controller';

    sub test {
        my $self = shift;
        my %args = $self->args;

        $self->log->debug( 'args', $self->dumper( \%args ) );
        $self->render( json => \%args );
    }

Now send a POST to it (jQuery example):

    $.ajax( {
        type: 'POST'
        ,url: '/example/test'
        ,contentType: 'application/json'
        ,dataType: 'json'
        ,data: JSON.stringify( { foo: 'bar' } )
    } );

Inspect the response. Keen. Try a GET on the endpoint with ".json" typed (C</example/test.json>) and a json query string variable (C<?json=...>). Same result.

    $.ajax( {
        type: 'GET'
        ,url: '/example/test.json?json='+ JSON.stringify( { foo: 'bar' } )
    } );

Also, try regular query string vars (e.g. C<?foo=bar&baz=foo>) and form-url-encoded POST stuff. Works the same. All-in-one: no more dealing with the stupid C<param> helper.

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<https://github.com/sharabash/mojolicious-plugin-args/issues>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/sharabash/mojolicious-plugin-args>

  git clone git://github.com/sharabash/mojolicious-plugin-args.git

=head1 AUTHOR

Nour Sharabash <amirite@cpan.org>

=head1 CONTRIBUTOR

Nour Sharabash <nour.sharabash@gmail.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2014 by Nour Sharabash.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
